kb(grid): Update information about initial PageSize All (#2146)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-set-all-page-size-option-as-default.md

3. Bind the `PageSize` property to the `@bind-PageSize` attribute of the `TelerikGrid` component.
4. Specify the `PageSizes` collection in the `GridPagerSettings` component to display the dropdown with the available page sizes.

> > Starting from version 6.0.0, the above approach will cause the pager DropDownList tо display the actual item count. The **"All"** item for the DropDownList will show only when the user selects it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting with Telerik Blazor Grid 6.0.0, the above approach causes the pager DropDownList tо display the actual item count. The **"All"** item for the DropDownList shows only when the user selects it manually.
```
